all right you guys so we are going to do
the moonwalk forwards
okay forward but still in place so
what's happening is same idea as the
moonwalk but the only difference is
you're not going back so you're going to
do the same thing as we did in the
moonwalk now normally in the move off we
would start to go back but in this one
your weight is going to continuously
stay and now we're kicking the left to
stay in a place boom see what's
happening ha ha so we're kicking the leg
placing and then we push through ha so
if I'm starting on my left I'm gonna
kick the left prepare go through the
ball of the feet and the heel as my
right foot just skates back I'm gonna
kick my right prep the weight is gonna
be on the right foot I'm gonna go to the
heel boom and the left foot just slides
back once more I'm gonna kick the left
make sure you push through the ball of
the foot first and then go to the heel
that's right kick through press through
the ball of the foot into the heel and
the lesson sliding back for my technical
dancers you want to go through your
metatarsals good boy yeah yeah